-- example one
I was born on August 14, 1970 in Pingtung. My father is a farmer and my mother is a housekeeper. I have three sisters and one brother. 
     
     I began elementary school at the age of six, and attended the Ming-Shen Junior High School in 1982, and then into the Kaohsiung Girls‘ High School in 1984.
     
     I attended the National Sun Yat-sen University in Kaohsiung from 1986 to 1990, majoring in international trade. I received my bachelor's degree in June, 1990, and have since worked at the government's Directorate General of Budget, Accounting and Statistics in several capacities. I was promoted on the average of once every six months, but I fear that without a master’s degree I cannot climb much higher. I therefore decided to seek employment in the private sector. 

     I sincerely hope that you will give me the opportunity to explain more of my capabilities in a personal interview, I believe I would be of great value to your company. Thank you.

-- example two
I was born and raised in Keelung, the northern port city near Taipei. I was born the second son on April 7, 1965. Our family is financially stable, thanks to my father's diligent and consistent work. He is now an executive director of a leading Keelung bank. I plan to follow in his successful footsteps. 

     All of my family are Christian and have regularly attended church since before I can remember. I was involved in numerous church organizations and activities, and served as the president of our church's youth group. In addition, I was a Boy Scout until I entered Taiwan University in 1983.

     I studied hard throughout high school, earned good grades, and scored well on the Joint College Entrance Examinations, so I was able to attend the prestigious Taiwan University. I am now a senior in the Business Administration Department , set to graduate in only a few months.

     I hope that when you consider my application for this position you will bear in mind that I am an active, responsible and hard-working person, and as such would have only a positive effect on your company's business relations. Thank you for considering my application.
