v 1. The good are never alone, and the __ are the merriest. Those who help others and so benefit themselves are the happiest.
  kind-heart, heart-kinded, heart-kind, kind-hearted
- sol p2 p48
   kind adj (it is very kind to you)
   kind n ( kinds )
   kindhearted or kind-hearted
   log-legged lady, absent-minded, dark-skinned, one-armed, quick-witted, good-natured
   The five-year-old boy was injured. (compound adj)
   pick-me-up, mother-in-law, good-hearted
   Compound adjectives (noun + an adjective, a noun + a participle, or an adjective + a participle)
   good-looking sugar-free power-driven quick-thinking
   carbon-neutral user-generated bad-tempered
   custom-built camera-ready muddle-headed open-mouthed

v 2. She loves animal and refuses to wear any jacket __ animal skin.
  is make of, making from,  made of, being making from
--sol p25 p17

v 3. I enjoy doing many things in my free time, such as going  __, playing __ , and doing __
  picnicing volleyball material arts
  weightlifting baseball judo
  hiking tennis jump rope
  bowling ping pong wrestling
-- sol p56
 go hiking, go fishing, go bowling, go swimming
 play baseball, play tennis, play ping poing, 
 do [some] weightlifting,  (not play or go weightlifting)
 So you don't "play" or "do" wrestling - you simply wrestle!

v 4. Taiwanese weightlifter Hsu Shu-ching succeeded __ the gold medal in the women's 53-kilogram group of the 2016 summber Olympics.
  in winning, to win, on winning, for win
-- sol p34
 succeed in something
 to prosper or flourish in some position or office: succed in business
 succeed in
 To accomplish something desired or intended
 They succeeded in convincing the jury of their innocence.

v 5. When he go home, he threw himself face down to the sofa and soon __ asleep.
  fall, fell, feel, felt
--sol p4

v 6. The 2012 Summer Olympics __ in London.
  was heppened, held, took place, had held
--sol p50 p18

v 7. Tom's parents gave him __.
  a pair of new shoes  
  a good piece of advice
  two slices of pizzas
  two loafs of chocolate
--sol p2 T-9
 Common uncount nouns
 advice baggage equipment furniture homework information
 knowledge luggage machinery money news traffic
 a piece of paper, a cup of coffee
 a piece of... 	pieces of... a bit of... bits of... an item of... items of...
 two loaves

v 8. I may study abroad in the future, but __ this point, I just want to stay wtih my parents.
  on, in, at, for
--sol p3

v 9. Scientists __ that there was no life in the depths of the ocean.
  are used to believe
  get used to believing
  used to believe
  used to believing
--sol p17 p25
 We use ‘used to’ to talk about things that happened in the past
 If you are used to something, you are accustomed to it
 I can’t get used to getting up so early.
 I used to eat meat but I became a vegetarian 5 years ago.

v 0. Shut your mouth up. I'm telling you __
  last time, for last time, for the last time, at the last time
--sol p2
 Now listen to me. I am telling you this for the last time
 'for the first time' vs 'the first time'
 In general, "for the first time" implies "first time ever", whereas plain "the first time" usually implies the first of the contextually relevant instances
 They met for the first time in 1980.
 The first time they met was in 1980.

1. __,Sue sat down and cried.
  When heard the bad news
  Having punished
  Didn't finish her homework
  Not knowing what to do

2. We have to postpone our camping trip if the typhoon __
  come, will come, coming, comes
--sol
 If I have enough money, I will go to Japan.
 I will go to japan, if I have enough money
 If it rains, the picnic will be cancelled.
 The picnic will be cancelled, if it rains.
 I would study more if I were you.

3. Exercising every day, __
  your health will be improved
  you will be healthier and healthier
  my body will be strong
  and things will be different

v 4. I left my pen in the conference room. Would you please lend me __
  it, ones, your, one
--sol p17 p26
 c should be yours

5. __ a new-born baby __ some practice.
  Bathe take, Bathe needs, Bathing need, Bathing takes

v 6. In December 2015, many countries, __, took part in the Paris climate conference and adopted the first-ever universal, legally binding global climate deal.
  include Taiwan, inclusive Taiwan, including in Taiwan, Taiwan included
--sol p49
 include is a verb
 The newly appointed board members include Sam Jones, Polly Troxell, and Jim Henry.
 Everyone survived, including the family dog.
 The price for the ticket is $15.75 including sales tax.

v 7. You should be wary __ out your personal information on the Net
  of giving, to give, from giving, about give
--sol p2
  wary adj
  Gerry was still wary, and Xander understood why.
  Xander crossed to his mother and knelt, wary of the stranger.

8. __, kindergarten teachers are busy decorating their classrooms.
  With Halloween comes
  Because of Helloween comes
  Halloween is coming
  With the coming of Halloween
--sol
    Everyone left early because Mark and Helen had an argument.
    Because they were so tired, [main clause]they went to bed at 9 pm.
    Because of the rain, the tennis match was stopped.

9. The journalist __ the story __ to the readers all over the country.
  made known, made know, let known ,let know
 
v 0. Sharon Hedrick was the first woman __ the Boston Marathon in a wheelchair.
  to race, that races, raced, who racing
--sol p49

1. Winnie __ on the beach and sunbathed for an hour.
  lies, laid, lain, lay
--sol
 lie lied lied 
 lie lay lain lying
 lay laid laid laying
 You lie to me, and he is lying to me too.
 You lie down on the sofa, and you lay down a book.

 they’re most often confused where lie means to recline (ie against) and lay means to put down. 
But the distinction is simple: Lay needs an object, while lie cannot have an object. For example, you might lay a book on the table, lay a sweater on the bed, or lay a child in her crib. When you feel tired at the end of the day, you may lie down. But you can’t lie a book anywhere, and you can’t lay down (no object) at the end of the day.

2. Maria is a teacher who always encourages her students to think __ their own.
  of, on, in, by
--sol
 think of (about) + nonu
 We’re thinking of moving out of London
 Thinking about returning to college?
 Will computers ever be able to think on their own?
 I thought upon Abraham Lincoln and how much we all owe him. I thought on all the fine things we used to do.

v 3. In basketball Kacey dribbles the ball with one hand and uses __ to move his body around the court
  his another hand
  another
  other hand
  the other
--sol p48
 http://dictionary.cambridge.org/grammar/british-grammar/other-others-the-other-or-another
 other as determiner (just like the, my, some, this)
 We can use other with singular uncountable nouns and with plural nouns:
 If we use other before a singular(單數) countable noun, we must use another determiner (the,this,some,my) before it:
 other books, other music
 I don’t like the red one. I prefer the other colour. Not: I prefer other colour.
 Jeremy is at university; our other son is still at school.
 He got 100% in the final examination. No other student has ever achieved that.
 There’s one other thing we need to discuss before we finish.

v 4. I always stayed up when I was in college, but now I __ to bed early.
  am used to go
  am used to going
  used to go
  used to going
--sol p17
 We use ‘used to’ to talk about things that happened in the past
 If you are used to something, you are accustomed to it
 I can’t get used to getting up so early.
 I used to eat meat but I became a vegetarian 5 years ago.

5. Let's have a race to see who can __ school first.
  arrive, reach at, get to, achieve
--sol
  I've just reached home.
  We've just arrived (/ at the station). eg. you can omit the last part
